talk parla
talk talk
talk chiacchiere
page pagine
page pagina
page page
article articolo
people gente
people persone
time tempo
time time
team squadra
team team
discussion discussioni
discussion discussione
links collegamenti
links links
years anni
school scuola
world mondo
world world
university università
state stato
states stati
wikipedia wikipedia
year anno
city città
external esterna
delete cancellare
january gennaio
march marzo
march marcia
august august
august agosto
july luglio
film pellicola
film pellicole
film film
october ottobre
june june
june giugno
use uso
use utilizzo
use usi
use utilizzare
war guerra
december dicembre
link link
link collegamento
part part
part parte
players giocatori
name denominazione
name nome
group gruppo
history storia
series serie
work lavoro
work lavorare
work lavori
work lavora
season stagione
high elevato
district distretto
comments osservazioni
comments commenti
football calcio
music musiche
music musica
century secolo
league lega
league league
edits modifiche
debate dibattito
debate discussione
title titolo
title title
john giovanni
john john
album album
number numero
family familiari
family family
family famiglia
family familiare
user utilizzatore
area zona
area area
life vita
life life
game game
game gioco
game partita
game selvaggina
club club
west occidente
house casa
company società
company azienda
company compagnia
left sinistro
day giornata
day giorno
place posto
place luogo
place place
party partito
party party
party festa
college college
result risultato
keep mantieni
subsequent successivi
class classe
government governo
center centra
center centro
style stile
style style
com com
country nazione
country paese
way way
way modo
end fine
support supporto
support sostegno
games giochi
films pellicole
church chiesa
east est
line riga
line linea
members membri
image immagine
show spettacolo
show show
town città
system sistema
song canto
song canzone
song song
section sezione
align allinea
align allinearsi
align allineamento
home home
home casa
women donne
television televisore
television televisione
seed seme
seed sementi
member membro
goals obiettivi
goals gol
goals obbiettivi
sources fonti
sources sorgenti
book prenota
book libro
station stazione
order ordinazione
order ordine
order ordinare
order ordina
information informazioni
information informazione
set imposta
text testo
band band
band banda
point point
point punto
river fiume
top top
language linguaggio
language lingua
https https
note nota
career carriera
age età
age age
service servizio
population popolazione
air aria
law legge
law diritto
president presidenti
president presidente
park parco
official funzionario
official ufficiali
case caso
times tempi
times times
times volte
due dovuta
village village
village villaggio
art arte
player player
player riproduttore
player giocatore
community comunità
army esercito
death death
death decesso
death morte
men uomini
men men
site site
site sito
deletion cancellazione
deletion soppressione
road strada
road road
children bimbi
children figli
children bambini
england england
england inghilterra
association associazione
source fonte
source sorgente
california california
man uomo
man man
version versione
version version
media media
report relazione
report segnala
take prendere
division division
division divisione
comment comment
comment commento
comment commenta
comment commentate
edit edit
edit modifica
edit modificare
stadium stadio
stadium stadium
research ricerche
research ricerca
record registrare
record record
record registra
places luoghi
places posti
cup coppa
cup cup
records record
records records
side lato
side side
power potere
power potenza
power power
education istruzione
education educazione
water acqua
species specie
field field
field campo
video video
form form
play giocare
play giocate
play gioca
project project
project progetto
radio radio
works works
development sviluppo
example esempio
union union
union unione
union sindacato
court corte
region regione
william guglielmo
province provincia
son figlio
son figliolo
france francia
council concilio
council consiglio
others altre
others altri
street street
street strada
department reparto
department dipartimento
san san
help aiutare
james giacomo
james james
force forza
force force
position posizione
head testa
head head
head testina
director regista
director direttore
track pista
track tracciato
track traccia
track track
http http
canada canada
george giorgio
jpg jpg
summer estate
society società
society society
office office
office ufficio
period periodo
championship campionato
round tondo
round rotondo
story storia
songs brani
songs canzoni
songs canti
songs songs
days giorni
days giornate
days days
land terreni
land terre
land terra
business affari
business business
reason ragione
reason motivo
term term
term termine
post post
total totale
science scienze
science scienza
rock rocce
rock roccia
rock sasso
rock rock
railway ferrovia
railway ferrovie
become diventare
students studenti
news novità
news news
news attualità
news notizie
role ruolo
election elezione
election elezioni
albums album
kingdom kingdom
kingdom regno
books libri
love love
love amore
press stampa
press premere
press premi
press pressa
type type
act atto
act act
editor editore
editor redattore
editor editor
schools scuole
program programma
germany germania
production produzione
male maschile
male maschi
awards premiazione
points punti
background antecedenti
background sfondo
overlap sovrapposizione
data data
data dati
color colori
color colore
person persona
services servizi
bgcolor bgcolor
museum museo
battle battle
battle battaglia
sports sport
buildings edifici
buildings immobili
historic storica
date data
change cambiare
change cambiamento
change variazione
change cambia
location ubicazione
something something
something qualcosa
review revisione
review rassegna
review recensione
fact fatto
groups gruppi
content contenuto
isbn isbn
board lavagna
control controllo
half mezzo
half metà
design progettazione
design design
event evento
events manifestazioni
events eventi
washington washington
action action
action azione
space spazi
space spazio
space space
areas aree
star star
star stelle
china cina
paul paolo
minister ministro
lake lago
europe europa
author autrice
author autore
process process
process processo
teams squadre
michael michele
michael michael
michael michela
pages pagine
light leggeri
light leggera
release rilascio
release release
release rilascia
episode episodio
episode episode
thomas thomas
thomas tommaso
companies aziende
thanks grazie
race regata
race razza
race corsa
race gara
route itinerario
route percorso
someone qualcuno
police polizia
police police
charles carlo
users utenti
users utilizzatori
body body
body corpo
question interrogazione
week settimana
editors redattori
chief chief
chief capo
match corrispondenza
match match
match fiammifero
roman roman
roman romana
roman romano
come venite
sea mare
sea sea
cross croce
cross cross
health sanità
health salute
institute istituto
caps tappi
caps berretti
forces forze
rights diritti
evidence prove
aircraft aeromobili
aircraft aerei
aircraft aeromobile
arts arti
arts artt
range range
consensus consensi
consensus consenso
bar bar
problem problem
problem problema
look guarda
issues questioni
network network
network rete
win win
win vittoria
win vincere
wife moglie
night notte
magazine rivista
magazine magazine
magazine riviste
magazine caricatore
centre centro
middle medio
google google
stage tappa
stage palcoscenico
stage stage
addition aggiunta
addition addizione
ireland irlanda
today today
today oggi
academy academy
saint santa
self self
stations stazioni
culture cultura
committee comitato
things cose
fire fuoco
fire incendio
gold oro
gold gold
course corso
course rotta
months mesi
size taglia
size dimensione
size dimensioni
peter pietro
peter piero
basketball pallacanestro
basketball basket
move sposta
move muovi
move muoversi
move spostati
performance performance
performance prestazione
performance prestazioni
standard standard
means significa
word word
word parola
blue blu
primary primaria
value valore
artists artisti
view vista
view visualizza
baseball baseball
technology tecnologia
technology tecnologie
olympics olimpiadi
future futuri
census censimento
images immagini
results risultati
construction costruzioni
construction edilizia
construction costruzione
zealand zelanda
front front
front frontale
cover copertura
cover copertina
cover cover
model modello
material materiale
coach carrozza
coach allenatore
henry enrico
footballers calciatori
mark marco
mark contrassegna
mark mark
rev riv
rev rev
organization organizzazione
studies studi
richard riccardo
html html
virginia virginia
car auto
car macchina
car automobile
attack attaccare
attack attacco
conference convegno
conference conferenza
study studio
study studia
names nomi
writer scrittrice
writer sceneggiatore
characters personaggi
characters caratteri
nothing nothing
nothing nulla
nothing niente
border confine
border border
border frontiera
countries paesi
writing scrittura
writing scrivere
interest interessi
interest interesse
medal medaglia
label etichetta
label etichette
search ricerca
search cercare
search cerca
bay baia
bay bay
reference riferimento
management management
management gestione
references referenze
features caratteristiche
guitar guitar
guitar chitarra
hill colle
historical storica
daughter figlia
reading leggere
systems sistemi
debut debutto
movement movimenti
movement movimento
specific specifica
actor attore
actor attori
let let
championships campionati
individual individuale
rule regola
lists liste
hand hand
hand mano
needs bisogni
smith fabbro
smith smith
capital capitali
capital capitale
capital capital
valley valle
bank banca
bank bank
ground ground
italy italia
energy energia
energy energie
leader leader
online online
block bloccare
block blocco
block blocca
block block
bridge ponte
families famiglie
changes cambiamenti
changes variazioni
industry industria
collection collezione
collection raccolta
request richiedi
request richiesta
writers sceneggiatori
writers scrittori
professor professore
studio monolocale
studio studio
mexico messico
competition concorso
competition concorrenza
competition competizione
campaign campagna
org org
empire impero
empire empire
length lunghezza
islands isole
create create
create creare
market mercato
words parole
words words
producer produttore
notes annotazioni
notes appunti
code codice
sport sport
van van
van furgone
airport aeroporto
sound sound
sound sonoro
status stato
status status
irish irlandesi
child fanciullo
child bambina
idea idea
municipality municipalità
register registrati
register registro
problems problemi
coverage copertura
channel canali
channel canale
channel channel
parliament parlamento
edition edizione
minor minore
foundation fondazione
foundation fondazioni
units unità
movie film
ice ice
unit unità
unit unit
student student
student studenti
student studentessa
student studente
student allievo
governor governatore
test test
test prova
bill bill
parts parti
parts ricambi
account account
account conto
vote vota
vote voto
vote votazione
computer computer
none nessuna
none nessuno
carolina carolina
tournament torneo
tournament tornei
poland polonia
wales galles
lot lotto
lot sacco
hospital ospedale
mid mid
mountain montagna
cases casi
angeles angeles
food cibo
multiple multiple
multiple multiplo
terms termini
thing thing
square quadrati
square square
square quadrato
square piazza
try provate
try provare
woman donna
officer agente
officer ufficiale
categories categorie
sent inviato
sent inviati
copyright copyright
speed velocità
templates template
money denaro
money soldi
money money
saw saw
politician politico
regular regolari
cities città
contains racchiude
trade commercio
trade trade
birth nascita
birth parto
sun sun
sun sole
rugby rugby
earth earth
access accesso
seasons seasons
seasons stagioni
software software
martin martino
martin martina
martin martin
god god
bit bit
hours ore
hours orari
structure struttura
decision decisione
hit colpisci
minutes minuti
joseph giuseppe
joseph joseph
lord lord
lord signore
web web
operations operazioni
function funzioni
function funzione
louis luigi
assembly assemblea
assembly assemblaggio
security sicurezza
jan jan
operation operazione
operation funzionamento
call chiamare
call call
call chiama
call chiamate
call chiamata
russia russia
prince principe
prince prince
staff personale
staff staff
establishments stabilimenti
goal gol
goal goal
goal obiettivo
towards verso
attendance presenze
attendance partecipazione
nature natura
captain capitano
captain capitan
mount monte
mount montare
mount monta
structures strutture
manager gestore
manager manager
elections elezioni
box casella
box riquadro
box scatola
lines linee
lines righe
success successi
success successo
success riuscita
singles singoli
singles singles
singles singolare
rest riposo
rest riposare
rest resto
month mese
care care
care cura
commission commissione
plan pianifica
practice pratica
practice praticare
practice allenamento
command comandi
command comando
nomination nomination
jersey jersey
jersey maglia
parties feste
parties partiti
anyone chiunque
master padrone
master master
stop fermo
stop ferma
feature caratteristica
engine motore
response risposta
experience esperienze
experience experience
experience esperienza
engineering ingegneria
silver argento
silver silver
secretary segretario
secretary segretaria
dutch neerlandese
dutch olandesi
dutch olandese
dutch dutch
lee lee
rules regole
youth giovani
youth youth
youth giovinezza
youth gioventù
scotland scozia
heart cuore
heart heart
room camera
room stanza
stone stone
stone pietre
stone pietra
drama drama
drama drammi
drama dramma
scores punteggi
key key
key chiavi
shot scatto
shot sparato
shot shot
shot tiro
occupation occupazione
occupation professione
executive esecutivi
executive executive
executive esecutivo
plant pianta
villages borghi
villages villaggi
languages lingue
feel sentire
merge unione
merge fusione
merge unire
ancient antichi
attempt tentativo
property proprietà
programs programmi
picture immagine
fiction fantascienza
fiction fiction
fiction finzione
fiction narrativa
nations nazioni
majority maggioranza
mission missione
mission mission
claim rivendicazione
claim rivendicare
claim reclama
claim reclamare
seat sedile
seat seat
bbc bbc
profile profilo
dance danze
dance danza
dance dance
dance ballare
dance ballate
dance ballo
prize premio
georgia giorgia
port porto
port port
pacific pacifico
pacific pacific
castle castello
pass passo
pass passa
pass pass
transport trasporti
transport trasporto
organizations organizzazioni
fall cadi
fall caduta
fall fall
era era
opinion parere
opinion opinione
commander comandante
commander commendatore
fort fortezza
fort fortino
fort fort
fort forte
effect effetto
purpose scopo
winter inverno
winter invernali
genus genere
congress congressi
congress congresso
activities attività
income redditi
income reddito
income proventi
massachusetts massachusetts
peak peak
lack carenza
lack mancanza
bass basso
bass bass
bass bassi
super super
complex complessità
complex complessi
complex complesso
complex complessa
stars stelle
accounts conti
appearance apparizione
appearance apparenza
friends amiche
friends amici
kind gentili
kind gentile
entry ingresso
entry entrata
asia asia
sense senso
actress attrici
actress attrice
map mappa
map cartina
bishop vescovi
bishop alfiere
boston boston
rate tasso
literature letteratura
voice voice
voice voce
jack fante
jack jack
pre pre
justice justice
justice giustizia
champion campione
champion campionessa
champion champion
numbers numeri
temple tempio
administration somministrazione
administration amministrazione
claims rivendicazioni
jones jones
actors attori
table tavolo
table tavola
pop pop
newspaper quotidiano
newspaper giornale
friend amica
friend amico
winner vincitore
winner vincitrice
loss perdita
loss smarrimento
loss perdite
architecture architetture
relations relazioni
tracks tracce
tracks brani
contract contratto
face faccia
face faccina
face volto
face viso
spent spesi
girl ragazza
francisco francisco
politics politica
mar mar
volume volume
tom tom
flight volo
candidate candidati
candidate candidato
candidate candidata
candidate candidate
matches fiammiferi
matches corrispondenze
oil olio
oil petrolio
assistant assistente
surface superficie
victory vittoria
regiment reggimento
stories storie
weeks settimane
branch succursale
branch ramo
branch filiale
branch branca
paper carta
paper paper
remains resti
victoria victoria
metal metalli
metal metal
metal metallo
metal metallico
frank frank
miles chilometri
miles miles
miles miglia
mass messa
mass mass
mass massa
chairman presidente
comedy commedia
comedy comico
comedy commedie
relationship relazione
knowledge conoscenze
knowledge conoscenza
format formato
meeting riunione
meeting meeting
officers ufficiali
officers agenti
draft bozza
fight lotta
fight combatti
figure figura
faculty facoltà
faculty docenti
camp accampamento
camp camp
variety varietà
owner proprietaria
owner titolare
owner proprietario
statistics statistiche
statistics statistica
alexander alessandro
episodes episodi
williams williams
products prodotti
dark buio
attention attenzione
religion religioni
religion religione
von von
mind mind
mind mente
cut cut
cut tagliata
cut taglia
cut tagliare
cut taglio
scott scott
mayor sindaco
beach spiagge
beach spiaggia
territory territorio
write scriva
write scrivete
forms formulari
forms forme
individuals individui
mention menzionare
mention menzione
projects progetti
cost costo
vice vizio
vice vice
drive drive
notice bando
notice avviso
johnson johnson
basis base
reasons motivi
reasons ragioni
job giobbe
job lavoro
job job
photo foto
hope auguro
log registro
log log
parents genitori
amount ammontare
amount importo
spring molla
spring primavera
oxford oxford
kong kong
opera opera
simple simple
founder fondatore
founder fondatrice
husband marito
mountains montagne
mountains montagna
mountains monti
musicians musicisti
girls girls
girls ragazze
crew ciurma
feb febbraio
boy boy
boy maschietto
boy ragazzo
nation nazione
nation nation
defense difesa
wiki wiki
champions campioni
champions champions
districts distretti
districts quartieri
auto auto
entertainment animazione
entertainment intrattenimento
net netto
soccer soccer
soccer calcio
creation creazione
product prodotto
product prodotti
tower torre
votes votazioni
squadron squadrone
contemporary contemporanea
focus concentrati
marriage matrimonio
questions interrogazioni
questions domande
details dettaglio
details dettagli
peace pace
peace peace
korea corea
analysis analisi
winners vincenti
winners vincitori
cricket cricket
cricket grillo
judge giudica
judge giudicare
judge giudice
corporation corporation
corporation corporazione
campus campus
increase aumento
increase aumentate
increase aumenta
increase aumentare
statement dichiarazione
broadcast broadcast
broadcast trasmissione
piano pianoforte
des des
novels romanzi
resolution risoluzione
concept concept
concept nozione
concept concetto
brothers fratelli
brothers brothers
attacks attacca
attacks attacchi
attacks aggressioni
attacks attentati
representatives rappresentanti
politicians politici
ability abilità
ability capacità
host host
wall parete
wall muraglia
wall muro
pakistan pakistan
dec dec
dec dic
troops truppe
interview intervista
suggest suggerisci
suggest suggerire
emperor imperatori
emperor imperatore
letter lettera
couple coppia
duke duke
duke duchi
duke duca
gallery gallery
gallery galleria
windows windows
windows finestre
hits hits
hits hit
hits colpisce
jazz jazz
protection protezione
relevant pertinenti
count conte
count conta
count conteggio
situation situazione
reviews recensioni
lady lady
reports relazioni
reports rapporti
influence influsso
influence influenzare
influence influenza
influence influenze
address indirizzo
consider consideri
consider considerare
consider considera
machine macchina
domain domini
domain dominio
elements elementi
types tipi
types tipologie
sydney sydney
ministry ministero
blood sangue
blood blood
distance distanze
distance lontananza
distance distanza
bottom bottom
boys boys
potential potenzialità
toronto toronto
infantry fanteria
jun jun
jun joon
conflict conflitti
workers operai
workers lavoratori
philadelphia filadelfia
philadelphia philadelphia
nationality nazionalità
nationality cittadinanza
dispute vertenza
dispute controversia
dispute contestazione
dispute disputa
scene scena
scene scene
method metodo
titles titoli
conditions condizioni
arms braccia
arms bracci
arms armi
races corse
races gare
races razze
iron iron
iron ferro
churches chiese
santa santa
santa babbo
nom nom
imperial imperial
latns latns
ball pallone
ball pallina
ball palla
correct corretto
soldiers soldati
examples esempi
genre generi
genre genere
senate senato
effects effetti
gun pistola
check controlla
check controllare
check verifica
appearances apparizioni
appearances apparenze
plans piani
sign firma
sign segno
sign firmare
heritage eredità
heritage heritage
doctor medico
doctor doctor
leaders leader
leaders leaders
rivers rivers
rivers fiumi
crime delitto
crime criminalità
crime crimine
crime crimini
crime reato
stand stand
bob bob
answer rispondi
answer risposta
split spalato
split split
sex sesso
sex sex
personnel personale
rail rotaia
rail ferrovia
rail ferrovie
die die
die morire
die muori
approach avvicinamento
approach approccio
sentence frase
sentence condanna
sentence sentenza
root radici
root root
root radice
standards standard
comics comics
comics fumetti
comics fumetto
miss miss
miss signorina
contributions contributi
lieutenant tenente
wood legna
wood legname
wood legno
wood wood
wood bosco
plants impianti
plants piante
origin origine
origin origini
environment ambiente
rank rango
bus bus
bus autobus
gas gas
direction direzione
resources risorse
animals animali
activity attività
levels livelli
laws leggi
jim jim
cambridge cambridge
composer compositore
agency agenzia
supreme supremo
supreme supreme
supreme suprema
ask chiedere
ask chiedete
jackson jackson
treatment trattamento
trial processo
trial trial
daniel daniel
daniel daniele
sciences scienze
fame fama
fame notorietà
everything tutto
everything everything
avenue avenue
travel viaggi
travel viaggio
break break
break rompere
break pausa
oregon oregon
capacity capienza
capacity capacità
#efefef #efefef
fictional finzione
exchange scambio
actions azioni
agreement accordo
translation traduzioni
translation traduzione
males maschi
charge addebito
charge carica
fails fallisce
estate tenuta
residents residenti
piece pezzo
growth crescita
trust trust
trust fiducia
drums percussioni
drums batteria
drums tamburi
murder omicidio
murder delitto
murder assassinio
twenty venti
avoid eviti
avoid evitare
criteria criteri
context contesto
revolution rivoluzione
revolution revolution
leaves foglie
distribution distribuzione
medicine medicine
medicine medicina
garden giardino
reach reach
turkey tacchino
turkey turchia
females femmine
publications pubblicazioni
impact impatto
households famiglie
survey indagine
survey sondaggio
morning mattinata
morning mattina
morning buongiorno
morning mattino
honor onore
honor honor
argument argomentazione
argument argomento
publication pubblicazione
arthur arturo
elizabeth elisabetta
disambiguation disambigua
colorado colorado
maryland maryland
zone zone
solo solo
solo assolo
pay pagare
pay paghi
pay paga
choice scelta
vol vol
flag bandiere
flag flag
flag bandiera
engineer ingegnere
cars automobili
wilson wilson
poet poeta
poet poetessa
build costruire
versions versioni
efforts sforzi
equipment attrezzature
equipment equipaggiamento
equipment attrezzatura
ray raggio
ray ray
guard guardia
pressure pressioni
pressure pressione
grant sovvenzione
grant grant
prison prigione
prison carcere
prison prison
freedom freedom
freedom libertà
quarter trimestre
independence indipendenza
platform piattaforme
platform piattaforma
platform pedana
rome roma
teacher insegnante
teacher docente
copy copiare
copy copia
effort sforzo
effort sforzi
pictures immagini
models modelle
models modelli
everyone tutti
description descrizione
institutions istituzioni
covers copertine
covers coperture
target target
target obiettivo
stack stack
stat stat
sort ordina
programming programmazione
sri sri
railroad ferrovia
railroad ferrovie
unique uniche
ocean oceano
cell cellula
cell cell
cell cella
cell celle
missouri missouri
concert concerto
biography biografia
biography biografie
loan prestito
contact contatto
holy porca
tennessee tennessee
safety sicurezza
stephen stefano
price prezzo
leadership leadership
message messaggio
memory memoria
memory memory
fields campi
generation generation
generation generazione
join partecipa
join iscriviti
copies copie
finals finali
fox volpi
representative rappresentativa
feet piedini
feet piedi
philippines filippine
share condividi
share condividere
disease malattia
disease malattie
sections sezioni
sections profilati
ways modi
floor pavimento
labour manodopera
logo logo
meets incontra
cancer tumori
cancer cancro
cancer tumore
tax tassa
tax imposta
traffic traffico
concerns preoccupazioni
guest guest
guest ospiti
guest ospite
jews ebrei
jews giudei
formation formazione
economy economia
storm storm
storm tempesta
tells racconta
bowl bowl
bowl ciotola
letters lettere
begins comincia
damage danni
damage danno
damage danneggiamento
harry enrico
harry harry
offers offerte
challenge challenge
challenge sfida
views visualizzazioni
allows permette
density densità
htm htm
ben ben
transportation trasporti
transportation trasporto
sales vendite
sales vendita
theme tema
heard sentito
behavior comportamenti
behavior comportamento
musician musicista
seats sedili
seats seggi
logs tronchi
display display
convention convenzione
deputy vice
universities università
yards iarde
yards cantieri
agent agente
difference differenze
difference differenza
animal animale
animal animal
czech ceca
czech ceco
positions posizioni
stay resta
combat combattimento
combat combat
palace palazzo
card card
opposition opposizione
opposition opposizioni
attempts tentativi
wrestling wrestling
wrestling lotta
critics critiche
critics critici
hands mani
hands hands
poetry poesie
poetry poesia
materials materiali
turkish turchi
promotion promozioni
promotion promozione
battalion battaglione
mobile mobili
additions aggiunte
figures cifre
eye occhio
eye eye
melbourne melbourne
austria austria
screen schermata
risk rischio
risk rischi
lats lat
ban vietare
ban divieto
labor travaglio
definition definizione
draw disegnare
application applicazione
steel steel
steel acciaio
presence presenza
expansion espansione
earl earl
max max
comic fumetto
acts acts
classes classi
save salva
save risparmia
wins vince
wins vittorie
roles ruoli
chance chance
chance possibilità
prevent prevenire
candidates candidati
candidates candidate
powers potenze
powers powers
powers poteri
birds uccelli
defeat disfatta
defeat sconfitta
cape mantello
cape cape
cape capo
regions regioni
mine mine
mine mio
sides lati
guidelines orientamenti
simon simona
depth profondità
lyrics testi
christmas christmas
greece grecia
express espressi
express express
express espresso
express espressa
federation federazione
voivodeship voivodato
journalist giornalisti
journalist giornalista
intelligence intelligence
intelligence intelligenza
connection connessione
connection collegamento
portuguese portoghese
constitution costituzione
standing standing
sons sons
sons figli
plot complotto
dates date
ends finisce
pilot pilota
pilot pilot
receive ricevere
manchester manchester
queensland queensland
directors registi
directors direttori
vehicle veicoli
vehicle veicolo
stock stock
vehicles veicoli
hills colline
drug droga
drug stupefacenti
visit visita
portion porzione
residence residenza
walter walter
pov pov
moon luna
moon moon
limit limite
limit limitare
minute minuto
minute minute
bell campana
athletics atletica
wind wind
wind eolico
oklahoma oklahoma
ideas idee
crown chioma
crown corona
step gradino
weapons armi
switzerland svizzera
expatriate espatriato
programme programma
squad plotone
squad squad
squad squadrone
squad squadra
multi multi
dynasty dinastia
cold cold
cold raffreddore
cold freddo
alliance alleanze
alliance alliance
alliance alleanza
methods metodi
albert albert
vietnam vietnam
dvd dvd
refers rinvia
heat heat
fans ventilatori
fans tifosi
fans fan
fans fans
purposes scopi
credit credit
credit credito
commons commons
boxes scatole
boxes caselle
boxes riquadri
speaking parlando
roads strade
dog cane
kill uccidi
kill uccidere
kill uccidete
kill ammazza
sixth sesta
edge bordi
edge edge
edge bordo
jesus gesù
tools attrezzi
chosen prescelto
brand brand
brand marca
brand marchio
rise ascesa
rise rise
supply fornitura
tradition tradizione
tradition tradizioni
household casalinghi
spirit spirito
spirit spirit
task task
incident incidente
sunday domenica
sunday sunday
stats statistiche
topics argomenti
communications comunicazioni
chapter capitolo
broken broken
singapore singapore
license patente
license licenza
license licenze
deaths morti
deaths decessi
citizens cittadini
guns fucili
guns cannoni
guns pistole
guns armi
trees alberi
pope papa
pope pope
officials funzionari
glass vetro
glass bicchiere
glass vetri
miller miller
contain contengono
contain contenere
defence difesa
fast veloci
fast rapido
properties proprietà
properties immobili
exhibition mostra
exhibition esposizione
speech discorso
proposal proposta
solution soluzione
fashion moda
foot foot
foot piedi
orange arancio
orange orange
orange arancione
orange arancia
performances rappresentazioni
adult adulto
adult adulti
identity identità
singers cantanti
transfer trasferimento
transfer transfer
egypt egitto
cells celle
cells cellule
patrick patrizio
quebec québec
quebec quebec
connecticut connecticut
anthony antonio
phase fase
audience pubblico
motion motion
blues blues
arab arabi
arab araba
trains treni
sets insiemi
eyes eyes
eyes occhi
commonwealth commonwealth
communication comunicazioni
communication comunicazione
scope scope
divisions divisioni
accept accetta
accept accettare
objects oggetti
contest concorso
contest contest
fighter fighter
fighter combattente
coaches allenatori
coaches carrozze
beat batti
ford ford
sorry scusate
houston houston
advance advance
advance anticipo
reality realtà
reality reality
vandalism vandalismo
enemy nemico
enemy nemica
enemy nemici
youtube youtube
belgium belgio
respect rispetti
respect rispetta
respect rispetto
respect rispettare
detroit detroit
graduate diplomato
graduate laureato
graduate laurea
explain spiegare
explain spiega
authorities autorità
fan ventilatore
fan tifoso
fan ventola
fan fan
fan ventaglio
painter pittore
painter pittrice
hamilton hamilton
passes passa
pieces pezzi
pieces cocci
actresses attrici
competitions competizioni
competitions concorsi
aid aiuti
aid aiuto
driver autista
driver driver
driver conducente
driver guidatore
folk folk
dan dan
khan khan
baby piccola
baby bambino
baby bebè
baby baby
denmark danimarca
tokyo tokyo
billboard billboard
billboard cartellone
anne anne
kevin kevin
weather meteo
muslim musulmani
muslim musulmano
muslim musulmana
publisher editore
sounds suoni
douglas douglas
fund fondo
portugal portogallo
athletes atleti
bands bande
cat gatta
cat gatto
cat cat
bureau bureau
centuries secoli
chemical chemical
chemical chimico
chemical chimiche
chemical chimica
items oggetti
lane corsia
counties province
counties contee
update aggiornare
ncaa ncaa
ali alì
ali ali
equivalent equivalente
christ cristo
partner partner
partner socio
romania romania
aviation aviation
aviation aviazione
failure fallimento
failure inadempimento
failure insuccesso
ward ward
strength forza
nominations candidature
nominations nomination
concern inquietudine
concern preoccupazione
recordings registrazioni
functions funzioni
criticism critiche
criticism critica
magic magici
magic magic
gordon gordon
treaty trattato
selection selezione
colonial coloniale
motor motore
circuit circuiti
circuit circuito
compilation compilazione
compilation compilation
harvard harvard
islamic islamica
geography geografia
arkansas arkansas
fuel carburanti
fuel combustibile
fuel carburante
artillery artiglieria
medieval medioevo
medieval medievale
medieval medievali
inclusion inserimento
inclusion inclusione
recognition riconoscimento
moment momento
condition condizione
condition condizioni
physics fisica
newspapers giornali
newspapers quotidiani
watch orologio
watch guardare
kitt kitt
protect proteggi
grey grigio
launch varo
philip filippo
iraq irak
iraq iraq
municipalities municipi
municipalities municipalità
municipalities comuni
mix mescolare
tamil tamil
shift shift
shift spostamento
door porta
investigation investigazione
investigation indagine
institution istituzione
princess principesse
princess principessa
trail sentiero
trail trail
parks parchi
applications applicazioni
applications candidature
requirements requisiti
ltd ltd
metres metri
sector settore
dean decano
escape fuga
escape evasione
escape escape
orders ordinanze
orders ordinazioni
orders ordini
corner angolo
founding fondazione
mill frantoio
mill mulino
mill mill
subjects soggetti
spacewatch spacewatch
clubnat clubnat
promote promuovere
values valori
progress progressi
progress avanzamento
progress progress
progress progresso
learn impara
learn imparate
planet planet
planet pianeta
usage uso
southwest sudoccidentale
truth truth
truth verità
truth verita
clark clark
administrator amministratore
persons persone
factory fabbrica
factory stabilimento
factory factory
fought lottato
magazines riviste
peer peer
peer pari
generate generano
generate genera
generate generare
shape forma
creator creatore
creator creatrice
option opzione
lincoln lincoln
stands stand
selling vendere
causes cause
budget budget
budget bilancio
sky sky
sky cieli
legend leggenda
forum foro
forum forum
metro metropolitana
metro metro
strike strike
strike sciopero
strike colpisci
injury lesione
injury lesioni
injury infortunio
ryan ryan
violence violenza
violence violenze
statements dichiarazioni
welsh gallese
roger roger
roger ruggero
pdf pdf
samuel samuel
samuel samuele
detail dettaglio
chapel cappella
frederick frederick
frederick federico
thousands migliaia
banks banks
banks banche
kings re
kings sovrani
kings kings
factor fattore
factor factor
rename rinominare
museums musei
resistance resistenze
junction junction
junction raccordo
junction giunzione
tim tim
engines motori
medium media
medium medium
medium medio
device dispositivo
profit profit
profit guadagno
profit profitti
profit profitto
dream sogno
dream sogna
dream dream
dream sognare
dream sogni
enter inserisci
twelve dodici
universal universal
skills competenze
skills abilità
passenger passeggero
passenger passeggeri
cleveland cleveland
funding finanziamento
funding finanziamenti
agriculture agricoltura
parent genitore
parent genitori
decades decenni
decades decadi
reform riforma
reform riformare
reform riforme
organisation organizzazione
prix prix
column colonna
column colonne
indicate indicare
gay gay
amateur dilettante
amateur dilettanti
amateur amatoriale
gene gene
soul soul
alt alt
discussions discussioni
turns trasforma
walker walker
walker errante
entrance ingresso
entrance entrata
path percorso
path tracciato
path sentiero
string stringa
humans umani
sample campioni
attorney avvocato
arm braccio
arm arm
arm armare
mathematics matematica
charts grafici
dublin dublino
brain brain
brain cervello
pittsburgh pittsburgh
blog blog
economics economia
authors autori
paintings quadri
recipients beneficiari
recipients destinatari
scholars studiosi
controversy controversia
controversy polemiche
controversy polemica
controversy controversie
josé josè
josé josé
bodies corpi
conservation conservazione
maps mappe
arguments argomenti
arguments argomentazioni
chain catena
chain catene
chain chain
readers lettori
violation violazioni
violation violazione
offices uffici
circle cerchio
circle circle
circle circolo
invasion invasioni
invasion invasione
jimmy jimmy
opportunity opportunità
determine determina
determine determinare
colspan colspan
orthodox ortodossa
describes descrive
seconds secondi
cycle ciclo
doubt dubitare
doubt dubita
doubt dubbi
doubt dubbio
walls mura
walls muri
productions produzioni
productions productions
andy andy
indonesia indonesia
mon lun
tank serbatoio
tank cisterna
advice consulenza
advice consigli
senator senatrice
senator senatore
malaysia malesia
finland finlandia
lawyer avvocati
lawyer avvocato
index indice
saints saints
saints santi
crisis crisi
cinema cinema
matt matt
hollywood hollywood
reaction reazioni
reaction reazione
medals medaglie
documents documenti
reader lettori
lawrence lorenzo
lawrence lawrence
pattern pattern
archives archivio
voting votazione
bear bear
perfect perfetta
perfect perfette
bruce bruce
baltimore baltimora
baltimore baltimore
baron barone
baron baron
pan padella
fantasy fantasy
fantasy fantasia
duty dazio
duty doveri
duty dovere
duty duty
chair sedia
scenes scene
opposite opposti
streets strade
extension prolunga
extension proroga
kent kent
pick scegli
songwriter cantautore
jordan giordano
jordan jordan
jordan giordania
composition composizione
salt sale
bot bot
interests interessi
teachers professori
teachers insegnanti
teachers docenti
advertising pubblicità
contribution contributo
retirement pensionamento
scientists scienziati
dam diga
blocks blocchi
print stampare
techniques tecniche
anniversary anniversario
discovery scoperta
discovery discovery
expedition spedizione
citation citazione
assist assist
hampshire hampshire
maintain mantenere
maintain mantieni
pierre pierre
facts fatti
frame cornice
frame telaio
finance finanza
finance finanze
script copione
script sceneggiatura
script script
camera fotocamera
camera videocamera
camera telecamera
returns restituisce
returns ritorna
returns rendimenti
assistance assistenza
underground sotterranei
sale vendita
jane jane
abc abc
successor successore
classification classificazione
tool strumento
tool attrezzo
tool utensile
mining miniere
cabinet armadio
cabinet gabinetto
russell russel
russell russell
citations citazioni
gender sesso
gender genere
lakes laghi
mail posta
jeff jeff
emergency emergenza
emergency urgenze
mode modalità
mode mode
christopher christopher
christopher cristoforo
heads testa
heads teste
heads capi
funds fondi
investment investimento
investment investimenti
session sessione
capture cattura
capture catturare
capture catturate
trophy trophy
trophy trofeo
trophy trofei
abuse abuso
prefecture prefettura
walk camminare
walk passeggiata
shop negozio
dakota dakota
bush bush
bush cespuglio
coal carboni
coal carbone
inhabitants abitanti
employees impiegati
employees dipendenti
cable cavo
cable cavi
protein proteine
accident infortunio
decade decennio
decade decade
measure misurare
measure misura
patients pazienti
satellite satellitare
satellite satelliti
johnny johnny
combination combinazione
courts tribunali
sequence sequenza
hook hook
hook gancio
hook uncino
clean pulite
owners proprietari
twin gemello
describe descrivere
describe descrivi
islam islam
photos fotografie
ottoman ottomano
routes rotte
routes itinerari
routes percorsi
ministers ministri
wine vino
carlos carlos
landing sbarco
revival rinascita
revival revival
rio rio
communes comuni
guess indovina
drop goccia
drop drop
sarah francesca
laid posato
harris harris
dallas dallas
degrees lauree
degrees gradi
bachelor scapolo
files file
conduct condotta
extreme extreme
courses corsi
vision visione
vision vision
marketing marketing
marketing commercializzazione
jason jason
jason giasone
appeal appello
appeal impugnazione
plane aereo
quick veloci
quick rapido
quick veloce
victor vittorio
victor vittore
victor victor
dyk dyk
neighborhood quartiere
neighborhood vicinato
wings wings
wings ali
scheme scheme
scheme regime
rfc rfc
hip hip
hip anca
hip fianchi
ceremony cerimonia
chile cile
composers compositori
scholar studioso
liverpool liverpool
hero eroe
hero hero
hero eroi
designer disegnatore
designer designer
designer progettista
instruments strumenti
hair hair
hair capelli
hair peli
hair capello
movies filmati
movies film
movies cinema
pool piscina
tue mar
collections raccolte
collections collezioni
austin austin
phone telefono
fly fly
fly volare
window finestra
document documentare
document documento
collaboration collaborazioni
collaboration collaborazione
kennedy kennedy
leg gamba
expand espandere
matthew matteo
instrument strumento
random random
random casuali
participants partecipanti
mentions menzioni
mentions cita
mentions menziona
drivers autisti
drivers conducenti
drivers driver
drivers automobilisti
airlines airlines
viewers telespettatori
viewers spettatori
differences differenze
element elemento
stewart stewart
roof tetto
roof tetti
morgan morgana
prisoners prigionieri
prisoners detenuti
insurance assicurazione
insurance assicurazioni
expert esperti
expert esperto
steam vapore
steam steam
cards schede
cards carte
yorkshire yorkshire
rescue salvataggio
rescue soccorso
rescue rescue
territories territori
thailand thailandia
thailand tailandia
vienna vienna
journey viaggio
storage immagazzinamento
storage stoccaggio
storage memorizzazione
costs costi
colony colonia
colony colonie
evolution evolution
evolution evoluzione
taiwan taiwan
hurricane uragano
judges magistrati
judges giudici
gardens giardini
poems poemi
responsibility responsabilità
sentences frasi
engineers ingegneri
gulf golfo
revolutionary rivoluzionari
inner interno
trip trip
trip viaggio
restaurant ristorante
graham graham
rice riso
rice rice
skin cute
skin skin
skin pelle
volleyball volley
volleyball pallavolo
factors fattori
hundreds centinaia
devices dispositivi
lemmon lemmon
thompson thompson
suicide suicidi
suicide suicidio
advantage vantaggio
advantage vantaggi
disc disc
disc disco
goods merci
charges addebiti
operator esercente
operator operatore
operator centralino
finishing rifinitura
identify identificarsi
producers produttori
campbell campbell
portland portland
victims vittime
explanation spiegazioni
explanation spiegazione
operate operare
threat minaccia
threat minacce
slow lenti
poets poeti
strategy strategia
wayne wayne
disney disney
wright wright
associate associata
associate associa
significance significato
excellent eccellenti
masters masters
masters padroni
masters maestri
passengers passeggeri
compete competere
png png
hunter cacciatore
hunter hunter
moths falene
partnership partnership
partnership partenariato
maintenance mantenimento
maintenance manutenzione
monitoring monitoraggio
evil evil
relief sollievo
charlie charlie
poverty indigenza
poverty povertà
hop luppolo
hop hop
fri ven
decide decidi
decide decidono
argentine argentini
argentine argentine
drew drew
hawaii hawaii
brooklyn brooklyn
speaker speaker
speaker oratore
permission permesso
permission autorizzazione
marshall marshall
marshall maresciallo
gate gate
gate cancello
springs molle
springs sorgenti
photography fotografia
knights cavalieri
roll rotola
roll roll
roll rotolo
progressive progressive
contrast contrasto
processes processi
terminal terminale
svg svg
spouse coniuge
spouse coniugi
spouse consorte
infrastructure infrastrutture
infrastructure infrastruttura
principle principio
principle principi
painters pittori
frequency frequenza
frequency frequenze
robinson robinson
waters acque
waters waters
ridge cresta
ridge ridge
bridges ponti
carter carter
karl karl
rowspan rowspan
mac mac
orleans orleans
parallel parallele
thirty trenta
thirty thirty
giant gigante
giant giant
giant giganti
murray murray
assessment valutazione
counter contatore
counter bancone
bears bears
purchase acquisto
purchase acquistare
expression espressione
improvement miglioramento
improvement miglioramenti
closure chiusura
wheel ruote
wheel ruota
ambassador ambassador
ambassador ambasciatore
ambassador ambasciatrice
desert deserto
reign regno
uncle zio
rain rain
rain pioggia
fishing pescare
fishing pesca
broadway broadway
principles principi
grow crescono
grow cresci
tests test
tests prove
trouble guai
rico rico
paragraph paragrafo
bat pipistrello
bat bat
bat pipistrelli
bat mazza
measures misure
fear paura
fear paure
merit merito
merit meriti
participation partecipazione
massive massive
designs disegni
agencies agenzie
clerk impiegato
commissioner commissario
bomb bombe
bomb bomba
poem poema
poem poesia
stages fasi
stages stadi
stages tappe
dragon drago
dragon dragone
dragon dragon
mlb mlb
send invio
send inviare
proof prove
practices pratiche
attractions attrazioni
symbol simboli
symbol simbolo
warren warren
exception eccezioni
exception eccezione
costa costa
replacement sostituzione
replacement ricambio
replacement sostituto
indians indios
virgin virgin
virgin vergine
virgin vergini
thousand migliaia
vancouver vancouver
legislation legislazione
beauty bellezza
beauty bellezze
credits credits
credits crediti
organisations organizzazioni
christianity cristianità
christianity cristianesimo
opinions opinioni
opinions pareri
richmond richmond
chess scacchiera
chess scacchi
channels canali
baker baker
baker fornaio
involvement coinvolgimento
anime anime
donald paperino
donald donald
sisters suore
sisters sorelle
requests richieste
colors colori
cook cuoca
cook cook
cook cuoco
wikimedia wikimedia
jonathan jonathan
removal rimozione
moves mosse
ownership proprietà
regulations regolamenti
guitarist chitarrista
enforcement esecuzione
supports supporti
supports supporta
nevada nevada
barry barry
tone tone
tone tono
personality personalità
personality personalita
reception ricezione
reception accoglienza
reception reception
reception ricevimento
transit transito
buffalo bufalo
buffalo buffalo
buffalo bufali
flowers fiori
bond bond
bond obbligazione
bond legame
bond obbligazioni
jay jay
adventure avventure
adventure adventure
adventure avventura
horror horror
horror orrore
rangers rangers
apple mela
apple apple
apple mele
popularity popolarità
franchise franchigia
franchise franchising
journals diari
journals riviste
percentage percentuale
laboratory laboratori
laboratory laboratorio
movements movimenti
alternate supplente
alternate alternate
alternate alternato
missions missioni
rooms stanze
rooms camere
reputation reputazione
accurate accurato
accurate preciso
interpretation interpretazione
chemistry chimica
journalists giornalisti
forests foreste
forests boschi
forests foresta
symphony symphony
symphony sinfonia
tags cartellini
tags targhette
meters metri
tigers tigri
tigers tigers
remix remix
phil phil
gang gang
oak rovere
oak oak
oak quercia
warner warner
quote preventivo
bishops vescovi
wait attendere
input input
input immissione
battery batterie
battery batteria
benjamin benjamin
shopping shopping
patrol pattuglia
patrol pattugliamento
eagle aquila
eagle aquile
mainstream mainstream
angel angelo
angel angel
restoration ripristino
restoration restaurazione
restoration restauro
restoration restauri
delhi delhi
hans hans
morris morris
centers centri
mills mills
mills mulini
components componenti
legislature legislatore
legislature legislatura
tourism turismo
kids ragazzi
kids bambini
circumstances circostanze
plain pianura
plain plain
duties doveri
duties dazi
grammar grammatica
amendment emendamento
habitat habitat
shell conchiglia
shell shell
shell guscio
entries voci
entries diciture
conflicts conflitti
montana montana
hosts host
hosts ospita
signs cartelli
signs segni
signs segnaletica
signs insegne
signs segnali
mitchell mitchell
industries industrie
comparison paragone
comparison confronto
comparison comparazione
charity charity
charity carità
charity beneficenza
output output
dna dna
carbon carbon
carbon carbonio
carbon carboni
carbon carbone
boats imbarcazioni
representation rappresentazione
representation rappresentanza
commentary commento
visitors visitatori
markets mercati
markets mercatini
plate piastra
plate piatto
giants giants
giants giganti
processing elaborazione
processing lavorazione
landscape paesaggio
dick cazzi
dick dick
hunt caccia
hunt hunt
hunt cacciare
summit summit
summit vertice
psychology psicologia
ride ride
terminus terminus
terminus capolinea
losses perdite
balance bilancia
balance saldo
balance equilibrio
balance bilanciamento
democracy democrazia
submarine sottomarini
submarine sommergibile
nicholas niccolò
nicholas nicholas
peru perù
peru peru
hindu indù
defender difensore
defender defender
evans evans
imply implicano
imply implicare
cargo carichi
cargo carico
cargo cargo
hidden nascoste
hidden nascosta
volunteer volontariato
volunteer volontario
volunteer volontari
volunteer volontaria
bio bio
holder holder
holder conduttore
holder detentore
holder titolare
sugar zucchero
sugar sugar
sugar zuccheri
daughters figlie
fun divertenti
fun divertente
fun divertirsi
partners partner
partners soci
partners partners
rates tariffe
grace grazia
feed feed
childhood infanzia
milan milan
milan milano
soil suoli
soil terreno
soil suolo
server server
concrete cemento
concrete calcestruzzo
possibility possibilità
ghost ghost
ghost spettro
ghost fantasmi
ghost fantasma
tunnel tunnel
larry larry
styles styles
elevation elevazione
elevation altitudine
muhammad muhammad
muhammad maometto
inter inter
phoenix fenice
phoenix phoenix
waste spreco
waste rifiuti
waste scarto
waste scarti
tall alto
sporting sporting
peoples popoli
fruit frutta
fruit fruit
fruit frutto
decisions decisioni
perspective prospettiva
midfielder centrocampista
monastery monastero
resident residenti
resident residente
cincinnati cincinnati
steps gradini
steps passi
steps scalini
steps passaggi
carrier carrier
carrier portaerei
carrier vettore
stream flusso
stream stream
alice alice
kick calci
kick kick
strange strana
predecessor predecessore
pain dolori
punk teppista
punk punk
suggestion suggestione
suggestion suggerimento
interaction interazioni
interaction interazione
drugs droghe
drugs droga
trinity trinity
trinity trinità
minority minoranza
minority minoranze
businessman imprenditore
coat cappotto
coat soprabito
nbc nbc
nhl nhl
keith keith
bobby bobby
harbor harbor
behaviour comportamento
maritime marittimi
maritime marittima
maritime marittimo
indoor indoor
periods periodi
croatia croazia
lions leoni
lions lions
merchant merchant
merchant commerciante
merchant mercante
lots lotti
editorial redazionale
initiative iniziativa
charlotte charlotte
charlotte carlotta
pure puri
pure puro
pure pura
pure pure
borders bordi
borders confini
persian persiana
marks marks
marks marchi
talent talento
panel pannello
panel panel
jump salto
jump salti
jump salta
jump saltate
jump jump
jump saltare
animation animazione
animation animazioni
agents agenti
employment occupazione
trading trading
parker parker
wonder wonder
wonder meraviglia
provinces province
provinces provincie
cuba cuba
são são
scientist scienziato
scientist scienziati
scientist scienziata
suspect sospetto
suspect sospettato
suggestions suggerimenti
consistent coerente
desire desiderio
desire desideri
patient paziente
bulgaria bulgaria
vincent vincent
vincent vincenzo
outer esterno
belief credenza
belief credenze
belief convinzione
visitor visitatori
visitor visitatore
vessels navi
hole foro
hole buco
hole buca
hole hole
passage passaggio
sees vede
wedding nozze
layer livello
layer strato
layer strati
designation designazione
clan clan
revenue entrate
revenue ricavi
suit tuta
weekend weekend
approval omologazione
approval approvazione
democrats democratici
crimes crimini
crimes delitti
collins collins
horses cavalli
supporters tifosi
supporters sostenitori
cash contanti
cash contante
cash cash
dennis dennis
resource risorsa
sculpture scultura
sculpture sculture
harrison harrison
pink pink
limits limiti
sur sur
hell hell
arbcom arbcom
wolf wolf
wolf lupo
wolf lupi
warriors warriors
warriors guerrieri
incidents incidenti
editions edizioni
signature firma
volumes volumi
adults adulti
immediate immediato
feeling sentimento
theories teorie
completion ultimazione
completion completamento
conclusion conclusione
conclusion conclusioni
technologies tecnologie
strip striscia
strip spogliarello
bound vincolato
hull hull
hull scafo
diamond diamond
diamond diamante
diamond diamanti
cite citano
doubles doppio
doubles raddoppia
branches filiali
branches branche
branches succursali
branches rami
honors onori
brick brick
brick mattoni
experiences esperienze
tie pareggio
lgbt lgbt
liberty liberty
liberty libertà
baptist battista
ron ron
decline declino
decline rifiuta
alpha alfa
identical identici
transmission trasmissione
platforms piattaforme
platforms marciapiedi
cave caverna
inch centimetro
inch pollice
cool cool
bulgarian bulgara
manhattan manhattan
destruction distruzione
activist attivisti
activist attivista
weapon arma
clay argilla
clay clay
keyboards tastiere
email email
biology biologia
bowling bowling
compare confrontare
compare confronta
treaties trattati
sock calzino
sock calza
assault assalto
assault aggressione
foster foster
foster affido
cousin cugino
cousin cugina
craig craig
pioneer pioneer
pioneer pioniere
pioneer pionieri
muslims musulmani
lay lay
absence assenza
absence assenze
amsterdam amsterdam
publishers editori
percussion percussioni
percussion percussione
runners corridori
#the #la
#the #il
benefits prestazioni
benefits vantaggi
benefits benefici
guards guardie
flows flussi
athens atene
raf raf
asks chiede
pole palo
ref rif
ref arbitro
tours tour
decides decide
vessel natante
identification identificazione
delta delta
mediterranean mediterraneo
volunteers volontarie
volunteers volontari
marvel meraviglia
marvel marvel
luke luke
luke luca
mall mall
penalty rigore
penalty penalità
solutions soluzioni
sole sogliola
architects architetti
characteristics caratteristiche
clinton clinton
villa villa
select selezionare
select selezionate
select scegli
select seleziona
roberts roberts
standings classifica
lloyd lloyd
belongs appartiene
norfolk norfolk
butler butler
butler maggiordomo
posts post
adaptation adattamento
greg greg
reporter cronista
reporter giornalista
reporter reporter
exit esci
exit uscite
exit exit
exit uscita
inquiry richiesta
belt cinghia
belt cinture
patent brevetto
patent brevetti
submission sottomissione
demographics demografia
governments governi
tourist turista
mystery misteri
mystery mystery
mystery mistero
click clicca
settlements insediamenti
voters elettori
voters votanti
birthday compleanno
birthday compleanni
christians cristiani
researchers ricercatori
runtime runtime
jon jon
obama obama
violin violini
violin violino
distinction distinguo
distinction distinzione
artwork artwork
makeup trucco
makeup makeup
makeup trucchi
catherine caterina
font carattere
farmers agricoltori
farmers allevatori
farmers contadini
occasions occasioni
struggle lotta
timestamp timestamp
yale yale
options opzioni
procedure procedura
procedure procedimento
jacob jacob
jacob giacomo
jacob giacobbe
transition transizione
anglo anglo
legacy lascito
legacy legacy
legacy eredità
relationships relazioni
libraries librerie
speakers oratori
speakers relatori
speakers altoparlanti
administrators amministratori
rob rob
dogs cani
intersection incrocio
intersection intersezione
reveals svela
reveals rivela
disputes controversie
disputes contestazioni
disputes contenzioso
disputes dispute
beam trave
perry perry
nickname soprannome
nickname nomignolo
syria siria
wells wells
ranks ranghi
favorite favorito
favorite preferite
vermont vermont
download scarica
download scaricare
appointment appuntamento
appointment nomina
ballet balletti
ballet balletto
jefferson jefferson
sand sabbia
angle angolo
angle angle
sessions sedute
sessions sessioni
recreation ricreazione
kenya kenya
ralph raffaele
ralph ralph
spend spendere
arrest arresti
arrest arresto
arrest arrestare
choir coro
mines mine
mines miniere
injuries lesioni
injuries ferite
injuries infortuni
opportunities opportunità
meetings incontri
meetings riunioni
wang wang
woods boschi
woods woods
woods bosco
jacques jacques
resort resort
pedro pedro
robot robot
segment segmenti
segment segmento
edwards edwards
aim aim
eagles eagles
eagles aquile
tribute omaggio
tribute tributo
tribute tributi
encourage incoraggiare
encourage incoraggia
spider ragno
spider ragni
spider spider
heroes heroes
heroes eroi
rocks rocce
rocks scogli
gap divario
gap gap
mars marte
cooperation cooperazione
protest proteste
protest protestare
protest protesta
conversion conversioni
conversion riconversione
conversion conversione
stress sollecitazioni
stress stress
manufacturers fabbricanti
manufacturers produttori
manufacturers costruttori
innings inning
adventures avventure
tiger tigri
tiger tigre
concentration concentrazione
rocket razzi
rocket missile
rocket rocket
rocket razzo
electricity elettricità
shadow shadow
shadow ombre
senators senatori
machines macchine
vegas vegas
jury giurati
jury giuria
jury giurie
calendar calendario
tommy tommy
leo leone
leo leo
handle manico
handle maniglia
shares condivisioni
manufacturer produttore
manufacturer costruttore
manufacturer fabbricante
tales tales
tales favole
tales fiabe
tales racconti
truck autocarro
truck furgone
truck camion
load caricate
load caricare
load carica
load carico
customers clienti
spaces spazi
cap cap
cap berretto
ferry traghetti
ferry traghetto
prefer preferire
push push
push spingere
push spinta
lie lie
lie menzogna
berkeley berkeley
lebanon libano
madison madison
throne trono
lion lion
lion leone
manor manor
serial seriale
lights luci
gauge gauge
gauge scartamento
concerts concerti
renaissance rinascimentale
renaissance rinascimento
chase inseguimento
chase chase
aka alias
aka aka
computers calcolatori
computers computer
raymond raimondo
flower fiore
flower fiori
col colle
col col
thai thai
thai tailandese
thai thailandese
disaster catastrofe
disaster disastro
disaster calamità
disaster disastri
involves comporta
clothing abbigliamento
murphy murphy
explains spiega
buddhist buddisti
buddhist buddista
meat carni
telephone telefono
sung cantata
sung sung
sung cantato
lawyers avvocati
interviews colloqui
interviews interrogatori
interviews interviste
radar radar
spending spendere
spending spesa
grove boschetto
tea tea
tea tè
tea thè
bright luminosi
bright luminosa
aspect aspetto
answers risposte
consumer consumatore
consumer consumatori
ibn ibn
manuel manuel
allies alleati
missile missili
missile missile
mechanism meccanismo
withdrawn ritirata
withdrawn ritirati
withdrawn ritirate
withdrawn ritirato
intention intenzione
mini mini
casualties vittime
pat pat
catch catch
catch catture
poll sondaggi
poll sondaggio
deck ponte
leeds leeds
ranges gamme
insects insetti
worship adorazione
worship adorare
boundaries confini
blind ciechi
blind cieco
pakistani pakistani
pakistani pakistana
pakistani pakistano
patterns schemi
globe globo
globe globe
honours onorificenze
gilbert gilberto
gilbert gilbert
experiment sperimentare
gov gov
legs zampe
opponent avversaria
opponent avversari
diameter diametro
supplies rifornimenti
supplies forniture
supplies provviste
pitch pece
utility utilità
utility utility
opponents avversari
regime regime
genera generi
germans tedeschi
gregory gregorio
gregory gregory
concepts concetti
purple viola
virus virus
populations popolazioni
bull bull
drummer batterista
presents regali
presents presenta
holland holland
bias pregiudizi
merger fusioni
merger fusione
messages messaggi
rebellion ribellione
victim vittima
cloud nubi
cloud nuvole
cloud nube
cloud cloud
angels angeli
duo duo
beer birra
beer birre
copper rame
jurisdiction giurisdizione
jurisdiction competenza
improvements migliorie
improvements miglioramenti
hms hms
loop loop
drum drum
drum tamburo
drum tamburi
saskatchewan saskatchewan
earthquake terremoto
earthquake terremoti
rhode rhode
tanks cisterne
tanks serbatoi
presidents presidenti
alcohol alcool
alcohol alcoli
alcohol alcol
sang sang
eat mangia
graphics grafici
graphics grafiche
graphics grafica
coffee caffé
coffee caffè
coffee caffe
chancellor cancelliere
destroy distruggete
destroy distruggere
destroy distruggi
tons tonnellate
warsaw varsavia
connections connessioni
connections collegamenti
heights alture
heights altezze
heights heights
playstation playstation
apartment appartamento
cardinals cardinali
recipient ricevente
recipient destinatario
traditions tradizioni
thin magra
chan chan
mario mario
departments dipartimenti
fighters combattenti
fighters pugili
writings scritture
writings scritti
violent violente
caption didascalia
margin margini
margin margine
auckland auckland
pirates pirati
diesel diesel
liberation liberazione
confederate confederati
confederate confederato
devil devil
devil demonio
devil diavolo
activists attivisti
rider motociclista
rider rider
amazon amazzone
amazon amazon
amazon amazzoni
amazon amazzonia
florence firenze
marc marc
shah scià
shah shah
blogspot blogspot
reduction riduzione
contents contenuti
contents contenuto
somerset somerset
milk latte
romance romance
romance romanticismo
latino latino
mason mason
arbitration arbitrato
interface interfacce
interface interfaccia
hitler hitler
default default
default predefinita
default predefinito
departure partenze
hindi hindi
mistake errore
remainder rimanente
embassy ambasciata
sleep sleep
sleep sonno
sleep dormire
sum sum
sum somma
mythology mitologia
confusion confusioni
confusion confusione
oscar oscar
programmes programmi
occasion occasione
possession possessione
possession possesso
defend difendi
warfare guerra
milwaukee milwaukee
reverse inverso
reverse retromarcia
reverse invertire
reverse reverse
soap sapone
soap soap
soap saponi
lisa lisa
paulo paulo
playoffs playoff
boss boss
sockpuppets sockpuppets
byzantine bizantino
idaho idaho
poster poster
poster locandina
poster manifesto
rebounds rimbalzi
venture venture
cricketer crickettista
hoax beffa
hoax bufala
doors porte
situations situazioni
instructions istruzioni
tables tavole
tables tabelle
tables tavoli
shoot spara
shoot sparate
shoot sparare
substitute supplente
substitute sostituzione
substitute sostituire
substitute sostituto
restaurants ristoranti
contributor collaboratore
errors errori
framework framework
kerala kerala
shakespeare shakespeare
quantum quantico
quantum quantistica
immigration immigrazione
mirror specchio
mirror mirror
assets attivo
assets attivi
cotton cotone
tournaments tornei
forty forty
journalism giornalismo
upload upload
towers torri
hospitals ospedali
bone osseo
bone bone
bone ossa
essex essex
rebuilt ricostruito
wellington wellington
ideal ideali
raw greggio
labels etichette
governors governatori
bases basi
rabbi rabbi
rabbi rabbino
hardware hardware
hardware ferramenta
monster monster
monster mostro
pitcher brocca
pitcher caraffa
pitcher lanciatore
emphasis enfasi
recovery ricupero
recovery recupero
respond rispondi
respond rispondete
aaron aaron
aaron aronne
qualification qualificazione
qualification qualificazioni
qualification qualifica
exposure esposizione
palestine palestina
thoughts pensieri
maurice maurice
immigrants immigranti
immigrants immigrati
lap grembo
legitimate legittimi
wallace wallace
succession successione
throw butta
monday lunedi
reserves riserve
increases aumenti
increases incrementa
delivery consegna
delivery consegne
joan giovanna
joan joan
fifty fifty
feedback feedback
columbus columbus
columbus colombo
stones pietre
manage gestite
manage gestire
cgi cgi
printing stampa
theology teologia
todd todd
parameters parametri
canton cantone
canton canton
han han
characteristic caratteristico
inappropriate inopportuno
inappropriate inappropriata
switch switch
switch commutatore
switch interruttore
ties cravatte
debt indebitamento
debt debiti
debt debito
navigation navigazione
experts esperti
tier tier
gospel vangeli
gospel gospel
newton newton
essays saggi
campaigns campagne
formations formazioni
feelings sentimento
feelings sensazioni
feelings sentimenti
bath bagno
venice venezia
#aaa #aaa
cats cats
variations variazioni
socks calze
socks calzini
flood allagamento
flood inondazioni
flood diluvio
flood alluvione
flood inondazione
custom personalizzata
custom custom
custom personalizzati
custom personalizzato
profession professione
layout impaginazione
layout layout
academics accademici
settlers coloni
competitors concorrenti
grass erba
reservoir serbatoio
tip mancia
tip tip
tip suggerimento
prague praga
abu abu
guitars chitarre
dreams dreams
hughes hughes
suburb periferia
understood capito
pearl perla
pearl pearl
chorus coro
chorus ritornello
restrictions limitazioni
restrictions restrizioni
killer killer
killer assassino
oakland oakland
influences influenze
mtv mtv
wikipedians wikipediani
cattle bestiame
gabriel gabriel
gabriel gabriele
palm palm
palm palmo
tale racconto
demonstrate dimostrare
liquid liquido
liquid liquida
liquid liquidi
princeton princeton
voices voci
voices voices
jet getto
jet jet
horn horn
burning burning
worker lavoratore
worker operaio
syrian siriano
welfare welfare
java java
monitor monitorare
monitor monitor
repair riparazione
repair riparazioni
bin bidone
stick bastone
stick bastoncino
stick stick
dollars dollari
parameter parametro
parameter parametri
buenos buenos
parade corteo
parade sfilata
awareness sensibilizzazione
awareness consapevolezza
define definisca
spencer spencer
conspiracy complotto
conspiracy cospirazione
conspiracy congiura
pine pino
pine pine
equation equazione
equation equazioni
democrat democratici
democrat democratico
button pulsante
button tasto
brands marche
queens regine
queens queens
neck collo
drink bevi
drink bere
miguel miguel
aires aires
montgomery montgomery
vanity vanità
vanity vanity
gift dono
gift regalo
riders cavalieri
quotes citazioni
quotes preventivi
quotes quotazioni
mouse topolino
mouse topo
mouse mouse
justin justin
protests proteste
gods divinità
amounts importi
smart smart
prices prezzi
terrorism terrorismo
beta beta
durham durham
householder householder
detective investigatore
josh josh
somebody qualcuno
compositions composizioni
farmer contadino
farmer farmer
farmer agricoltore
protestant protestanti
cameron cameron
mumbai mumbai
surprise sorpresa
kate kate
isle isle
theorem teorema
homepage homepage
colonies colonie
winds venti
conversation conversazioni
conversation conversazione
sussex sussex
gates cancelli
plastic plastica
plastic plastiche
plastic plastico
electronics elettronica
restore ripristinare
restore ripristina
stockholm stoccolma
inn locanda
connect connect
guests invitati
guests ospiti
radiation radiazione
radiation radiazioni
playoff playoff
cork sughero
cork cork
generals generali
filipino filippino
filipino filippini
hamburg amburgo
hamburg hamburg
massacre strage
massacre massacri
dialogue dialogo
dialogue dialoghi
illness malattia
illness malattie
dress vestito
dress abito
dress vesti
codes codici
dawn dawn
nancy nancy
violations violazioni
ladies signore
ratings valutazioni
incorrect errata
scout scout
scout esploratore
difficulty difficoltà
pupils allievi
pupils alunni
pupils pupille
wealth ricchezze
hart hart
allegations asserzioni
allegations accuse
lodge lodge
eggs uova
citizenship cittadinanza
specialist specialisti
specialist specialista
tasks compiti
intent intenzione
intent intento
instruction istruzioni
pride pride
pride orgoglio
pride superbia
banner striscione
banner banner
banner stendardo
panama panama
panama panamá
corruption corruzione
sunk affondata
sunk affondato
harm harm
harm nuocere
pilots piloti
tape cassetta
tape nastro
emigrants emigranti
revenge vendetta
revision revisione
fee canone
fee tassa
examination esame
chen chen
matrix matrice
matrix matrix
matrix matrici
kiss bacio
kiss baciare
valign valign
luck fortuna
crosses croci
appreciate apprezzano
appreciate apprezza
enemies nemici
mercury mercurio
math matematica
preserve preservare
preserve preserva
nobel nobel
grande grande
marry sposare
marry sposi
airports aeroporti
veterans veterani
execution esecuzioni
execution esecuzione
cult setta
cult cult
cult culto
colin colin
chester chester
ticket ticket
ticket biglietto
entity entità
founders fondatori
absolute assoluti
françois françois
preparation preparazione
nintendo nintendo
declaration dichiarazione
jamaica jamaica
jamaica giamaica
vladimir vladimir
methodist metodista
challenges sfide
celebration festeggiamenti
celebration celebrazioni
celebration festeggiamento
celebration celebrazione
discipline disciplina
fauna fauna
manuscript manoscritto
experiments esperimenti
compound composte
compound composti
associations associazioni
targets obiettivi
targets bersagli
alien alieno
subsidiary sussidiaria
subsidiary controllata
subsidiary filiale
thirteen tredici
thick spessi
thick spessa
extend estendere
wire fili
wire wire
wire filo
phd dottorato
fat fat
fat grassa
visits visite
teach insegnate
flights voli
verse versi
bennett bennett
bennett bennet
warm caldi
warm calda
shaw shaw
breaks discontinuità
breaks pause
grandson nipote
monuments monumenti
lords lords
treat trattare
raid incursione
raid raid
congregation congregazione
temperatures temperature
companion accompagnatore
companion compagna
companion compagno
manila manila
km² km²
punjab punjab
imagine immaginate
imagine immagina
consideration considerazione
veteran veterano
veteran veterani
doctors medici
doctors dottori
wise wise
wise saggia
wise saggio
registration registrazione
registration iscrizioni
registration iscrizione
directory directory
directory cartella
directory direttorio
manitoba manitoba
ronald ronald
cuban cubani
cuban cubano
burns ustioni
burns ustione
burns burns
burns brucia
justify giustifica
divine divino
divine divine
divine divini
divine divina
sequel sequel
fate sorte
fate destino
fate fato
rovers rovers
trans trans
okay ok
waves onde
sandy cinzia
sandy sandy
acres acri
paint dipingere
stops fermate
excellence eccellenza
excellence eccellenze
integration integrazione
bibliography bibliografia
nonsense stupidaggini
nonsense sciocchezze
nonsense assurdità
marathon maratona
marathon marathon
beliefs credenze
preservation preservazione
preservation conservazione
fernando fernando
cultures culture
taxes tasse
taxes imposte
marcus marco
stakes paletti
coins monete
civic civico
isaac isaac
spell incantesimo
craft craft
craft artigianato
inspiration ispirazioni
inspiration ispirazione
pairs paia
vector vettoriale
vector vettore
arc arc
arc arco
professionals professionisti
accusations accuse
approaches approcci
slaves schiave
slaves schiavi
spectrum spettro
client client
client cliente
dozen dozzine
dozen dozzina
travels viaggi
symbols simboli
banking banche
legion legione
legion legion
symptoms sintomi
lab laboratorio
lab lab
orientation orientamento
stroke ictus
unions unioni
unions sindacati
impression impression
impression impressioni
impression impressione
discover scoprire
discover scopra
discover scopri
novelists romanzieri
dancer ballerini
dancer dancer
dancer ballerino
phenomenon fenomeno
recognize riconosci
recognize riconoscere
abilities abilità
timber legname
timber legno
cartoon vignetta
disorder disturbo
disorder disordine
continent continente
continent continenti
lock lock
lock lucchetto
lock blocca
lock serratura
overview panoramica
acquisition acquisizioni
acquisition acquisizione
eve vigilia
filter filtro
filter filtrare
filter filtra
filter filtri
observation osservazione
threats minacce
judgment sentenza
judgment giudizio
grammy grammy
colours colori
package pacchetti
package pacchetto
package pacco
controls controlli
sabha sabha
prisoner detenuto
prisoner prigionieri
prisoner prigioniero
prisoner prigioniera
signals segnali
intervention intervento
cylinder cilindro
cylinder cilindri
cylinder bombola
liu liu
shops negozi
dome dome
philosopher filosofo
epic epica
epic epic
epic epico
stem fusto
stem gambo
stem staminali
stem stelo
davies davies
collapse crollo
allan allan
canyon canyon
samples campioni
celebrity celebrità
priests sacerdoti
priests preti
louise louise
workshop workshop
workshop officina
herzegovina erzegovina
claude claude
fortune fortuna
palmer palmer
presidency presidenza
appeals ricorsi
appeals appelli
appeals impugnazioni
rookie recluta
rookie novellino
rookie rookie
shock shock
shock choc
stevens stevens
employee dipendente
employee impiegata
employee impiegato
yang yang
tomb tomba
innovation innovare
innovation innovazione
innovation innovazioni
unity unity
unity unità
lucas lucas
grows cresce
interchange interscambio
proteins proteine
proposals proposte
swimmers nuotatori
hamlet amleto
hamlet borgo
timeline diario
timeline cronologia
coup golpe
newport newport
negotiations negoziazioni
negotiations negoziati
negotiations trattative
exhibitions mostre
exhibitions esposizioni
installation installazione
enters entra
julian giuliano
morocco marocco
efficiency efficienza
chapters capitoli
helicopter elicotteri
fortress fortezza
ani ani
displays espositori
ips ips
contributors collaboratori
contributors contribuenti
contributors contributori
giovanni giovanni
catholics cattolici
chuck chuck
pit fossa
pit buca
pit pit
desk desk
desk scrivania
desk scrivanie
garrison presidio
garrison garrison
garrison guarnigione
sprint sprint
exile esilio
achievements realizzazioni
rebels ribelli
sit sit
alpine alpina
alpine alpini
alpine alpine
bills fatture
bills cambiali
bills bollette
estonia estonia
developer sviluppatori
developer sviluppatore
indie indie
difficulties difficoltà
worn indossata
fork forca
fork forcella
fork forchetta
simpson simpson
hotels alberghi
developments sviluppi
currency valuta
currency valute
arrives arriva
dollar dollaro
ambassadors ambasciatori
centres centri
recommend raccomandare
recommend consigliare
descendants discendenti
customs dogana
customs dogane
certificate certificato
certificate attestato
destination destinazione
albania albania
euro euro
consumption consumi
consumption consumo
survivors superstiti
survivors sopravvissuti
temples templi
sheet fogli
sheet foglio
lift lift
lift portanza
confidence fiducia
confidence confidenza
cuisine cucina
frankfurt francoforte
galaxy galassia
galaxy galassie
galaxy galaxy
ecuador ecuador
breeding allevamento
